README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
  ReactJS Application for beautystorm project
</h3>

<p align="center">Awaken the Beautystorm within you</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#%EF%B8%8F-about-the-project">About the project</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#-technologies">Technologies</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#-getting-started">Getting started</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#-how-to-contribute">How to contribute</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#-license">License</a>
</p>

## 🛍️ About the project


Web aplication of beautystorm project - made with ReactJS, TypeScript styled-components, unForm and react-router-dom.

Project in development

## 🚀 Technologies

Technologies that I used to develop this web client

- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [React Router Dom](https://reactrouter.com/)
- [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons)
- [UnForm](https://unform.dev/) [💜](https://rocketseat.com.br/)
- [Yup](https://github.com/jquense/yup)
- [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com/)
- [Polished](https://github.com/styled-components/polished)
- [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios)
- [Husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky)
- [Commitlint](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint)
- [Commitizen](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli)
- [Eslint](https://eslint.org/)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)
- [EditorConfig](https://editorconfig.org/)

## 💻 Getting started

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

### Requirements


**Clone the project and access the folder**

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/bruno07dev/beautystorm.git && cd beautystorm
```

**Follow the steps below**

```bash
# Install the dependencies
$ yarn

# Runs the app in the development mode.\

$ yarn start

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

# The page will reload if you make edits.\

# You will also see any lint errors in the console.


## 🤔 How to contribute

**Make a fork of this repository**

```bash
# Fork using GitHub official command line
# If you don't have the GitHub CLI, use the web site to do that.

$ gh repo fork bruno07dev/beautystorm
```

**Follow the steps below**

```bash
# Clone your fork
$ git clone your-fork-url && cd beautystorm

# Create a branch with your feature
$ git checkout -b my-feature

# Make the commit with your changes
$ git commit -m 'feat: My new feature'

# Send the code to your remote branch
$ git push origin my-feature
```

After your pull request is merged, you can delete your branch

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

> Status Project: Project in development :heavy_check_mark:
# 🎬 Desenvolvedor

[<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/66931016?s=460&u=68bdaab4339d594139e0f083a0346b30ddb8402d&v=4" width=115 > <br> <sub> Bruno Cardoso </sub>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bruno-s-cardoso/) |
| :---: |

Made with 💜 by Bruno Cardoso 👋

Commit message:

Update components and pages login, home and update readme.md

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <img alt="Logo" src="src/assets/logo.svg" width="200px">
</h1>

<h3 align="center">
  ReactJS Application for beautystorm project
</h3>

<p align="center">Awaken the Beautystorm within you</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#%EF%B8%8F-about-the-project">About the project</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#-technologies">Technologies</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#-getting-started">Getting started</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#-how-to-contribute">How to contribute</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#-license">License</a>
</p>

## 🛍️ About the project


Web aplication of beautystorm project - made with ReactJS, TypeScript, Styledchackra, and Vite.

<h1 align="center">
  <img alt="Screen" src="src/assets/telalogin.png" width="400px">
  <img alt="Screen" src="src/assets/telaprodutos.png" width="400px">
</h1>

Project in development

## 🚀 Technologies

Technologies that I used to develop this web client

- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [React Router Dom](https://reactrouter.com/)
- [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons)
- [Yup](https://github.com/jquense/yup)
- [StyledChackra](https://chakra-ui.com/)
- [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios)
- [Husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky)
- [Eslint](https://eslint.org/)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)
- [EditorConfig](https://editorconfig.org/)
- [FakestoreAPI](https://fakestoreapi.com)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) 


## 💻 Getting started

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

### Requirements


**Clone the project and access the folder**

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/bruno07dev/beautystorm.git && cd beautystorm
```

**Follow the steps below**

```bash
# Install the dependencies
$ yarn

# Runs the app in the development mode.\

$ yarn vite

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

# The page will reload if you make edits.\

# You will also see any lint errors in the console.


## 🤔 How to contribute

**Make a fork of this repository**

```bash
# Fork using GitHub official command line
# If you don't have the GitHub CLI, use the web site to do that.

$ gh repo fork bruno07dev/beautystorm
```

**Follow the steps below**

```bash
# Clone your fork
$ git clone your-fork-url && cd beautystorm

# Create a branch with your feature
$ git checkout -b my-feature

# Make the commit with your changes
$ git commit -m 'feat: My new feature'

# Send the code to your remote branch
$ git push origin my-feature
```

After your pull request is merged, you can delete your branch

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

> Status Project: Project in development :heavy_check_mark:
# 🎬 Desenvolvedor

[<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/66931016?s=460&u=68bdaab4339d594139e0f083a0346b30ddb8402d&v=4" width=115 > <br> <sub> Bruno Cardoso </sub>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bruno-s-cardoso/) |
| :---: |

Made with 💜 by Bruno Cardoso 👋
